update read me file for Variable, vault, vaultGraphQl, version, webApi modules (#31474)
magento/magento2: app/code/Magento/Webapi/README.md

# Magento_Webapi module

The Magento_Webapi module provides the framework for the application to expose REST and SOAP web services. It exposes an area for REST and another area for SOAP services and routes requests based on the Webapi configuration.

The Magento_Webapi module also handles deserialization of requests and serialization of responses.

## Installation details

> The Magento_VaultGraphQl is dependent on the following modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Magento_Webapi module is dependent on the following modules:
```

- Magento_Authorization
- Magento_Backend
- Magento_Integration
- Magento_Store

> Before disabling or uninstalling this module, please consider the following dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before disabling or uninstalling this module, note the following dependencies:
```
